# Car_Price_Predication
CAR PRICE PREDICTION With the covid 19 impact in the market, we have seen lot of changes in the car market. Now some cars are in demand hence making them costly and some are not in demand hence cheaper. One of our clients works with small traders, who sell used cars. With the change in market due to covid 19 impact, our client is facing problems with their previous car price valuation machine learning models. So, they are looking for new machine learning models from new data. We have to make car price valuation model. This project contains two phase- Data Collection Phase You have to scrape at least 5000 used cars data. You can scrape more data as well, it’s up to you. more the data better the model In this section You need to scrape the data of used cars from websites (Olx, cardekho, Cars24 etc.) You need web scraping for this. You have to fetch data for different locations. The number of columns for data doesn’t have limit, it’s up to you and your creativity. Generally, these columns are Brand, model, variant, manufacturing year, driven kilometers, fuel, number of owners, location and at last target variable Price of the car. This data is to give you a hint about important variables in used car model. You can make changes to it, you can add or you can remove some columns, it completely depends on the website from which you are fetching the data. Try to include all types of cars in your data for example- SUV, Sedans, Coupe, minivan, Hatchback. Note – The data which you are collecting is important to us. Kindly don’t share it on any public platforms. Model Building Phase After collecting the data, you need to build a machine learning model. Before model building do all data pre-processing steps. Try different models with different hyper parameters and select the best model. Follow the complete life cycle of data science. Include all the steps like. 1. Data Cleaning 2. Exploratory Data Analysis 3. Data Pre-processing 4. Model Building 5. Model Evaluation 6. Selecting the best model
